texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:31:17:31:17: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:31:23:31:23: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:32:17:32:17: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:32:25:32:25: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:43:12:43:24: s413 malformed variable or constant name
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:44:12:44:25: s413 malformed variable or constant name
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:45:12:45:25: s413 malformed variable or constant name
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:47:23:47:23: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:47:29:47:29: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:51:14:51:14: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:51:18:51:29: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:51:31:51:43: s413 malformed variable or constant name
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:51:44:51:44: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:51:45:51:45: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:51:67:51:67: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:51:68:51:68: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:52:10:52:10: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:52:19:52:30: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:52:32:52:44: s413 malformed variable or constant name
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:52:45:52:45: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:56:10:56:10: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:56:15:56:15: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:56:16:56:16: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:60:25:60:25: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:60:46:60:46: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:60:50:60:50: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:60:51:60:51: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:68:23:68:23: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:68:44:68:44: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:68:48:68:48: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:68:49:68:49: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:73:8:73:8: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:73:13:73:13: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:76:22:76:33: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:76:53:76:53: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:77:22:77:33: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:77:54:77:54: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:78:22:78:22: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:79:22:79:22: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:80:22:80:33: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:80:54:80:54: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:82:37:82:37: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:82:39:82:39: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:83:26:83:37: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamerappendixnote/beamerappendixnote.sty:83:52:83:52: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
