texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:51:14:51:29: s413 malformed variable or constant name
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:52:15:52:30: s413 malformed variable or constant name
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:52:32:52:46: w302 unbraced n-type function call argument
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:54:13:54:13: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:54:26:54:26: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:57:22:57:22: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:58:17:58:17: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:58:30:58:30: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:58:31:58:31: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:58:32:58:32: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:58:33:58:33: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:59:13:59:13: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:59:35:59:35: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:59:36:59:36: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:62:30:62:30: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:62:43:62:43: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:62:46:62:46: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:72:29:72:29: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:76:4:76:4: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:76:6:76:6: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:81:14:81:14: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:81:32:81:32: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:81:33:81:33: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:81:34:81:34: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:90:14:90:14: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:90:35:90:35: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:90:36:90:36: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:90:37:90:37: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:99:15:99:15: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:99:28:99:28: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:99:29:99:29: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:99:30:99:30: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
texmf-dist/tex/latex/beamertheme-rainbow/beamercolorthemerainbow.sty:99:32:99:32: s204 missing stylistic whitespaces
